Once there was a monkey. One day, while he was eating a fruit, a fruit got stuck in his nose. So, he was taken to a fisherman. The fisherman asked, "If I cut your nose, where will I get it from?" The monkey replied, "With your strength!" The fisherman started to take the fruit out from the monkey's nose. The fruit was removed, but his nose got cut. Then the monkey said, "Give me a nose or a reward." The fisherman gave him a reward, and the monkey went away with it.

The monkey was taking the reward when he saw a potter making clay pots with his wheel. The monkey asked, "Oh potter brother, why are you making clay pots with the wheel, is it of no use? Here, take my reward and make some clay!" The potter replied, "What if it breaks?" The monkey said, "With your strength!" So the potter took the reward and started making the clay pots. While making, the reward broke. Now the monkey said, "Give me the reward or a replacement." The potter gave him a replacement, and the monkey took it away.

He was going with the replacement when he saw a dairy farmer milking a cow. The monkey said, "Oh brother, you have no replacement, so let me use my replacement, and milk into this!" The farmer replied, "What if it breaks, where will I get another?" The monkey retorted, "With your strength!" While milking, the replacement broke. Now the monkey told the farmer, "Give me a calf or a replacement!" The farmer reluctantly gave him a calf.

The monkey took the calf and was going when he saw a man working with a yoke on his wife. The monkey asked, "Why are you yoking your wife? I should be the one with the calf!" The man replied, "What if the calf dies, where will I get another?" The monkey said, "With your strength!" The man yoke the calf in the work, and as it struggled, it fell and died. Now the monkey demanded, "Give me the calf or a replacement!" The farmer, in despair, gave him his wife.

The monkey took the wife and while going, he saw a sweet maker preparing a pudding with a cat. Seeing this, the monkey said, "Oh sweet maker brother, the cat has already eaten half of the pudding and is now snatching the rest. Here, take my wife and prepare more pudding!" The sweet maker replied, "What if something happens to your wife, what will I do?" The monkey insisted, "With your strength!" The sweet maker started to prepare the pudding with the monkey’s wife. As the wife was preparing, flour got in her eyes, and she died right there. Now the monkey said, "Give me the wife or the pudding!" The sweet maker gave him the pudding and saved his own life.

The monkey took the pudding and continued until he reached a chamar's (a community of leatherworkers) house. Noticing the monkey's approach, the chamar was startled and thought, "Who will take the pudding now?" So, he gave the pudding to the monkey. The chamar said, "My children are hungry. If others eat, then where will I get it from?" The monkey responded, "With your strength!" By the time the monkey turned around, the chamar's children had eaten the pudding. Now the monkey demanded the pudding again. Saying, "Give me the pudding or a man!" The chamar gave him a man instead. 

The monkey took the man and as he was going, he came across a hill. Climbing up the hill, he started making noise and sang, "The nose, so the reward has come; the round calf has come with the ears; the ears with the wife have come; from the wife, the pudding has come; and from the pudding, the man has come—hurray, hurray, hurray!"