Once there was a man who had two sons, and after parting ways, they began living in two different villages. One day, one brother visited the other brother's house, but didn't find him at home. Then he asked his nephew, "Where has your father gone?" The nephew replied, "Father has gone to get a contract for nine bageris (a type of livestock). That's where he has gone!" The uncle then asked, "How much milk does a bageri produce?" The nephew replied, "I don't know about the milk, but it produces nine pots of ghee every day!"

Hearing this, the brother was taken aback and on his way back, he met his own brother. He asked, "Have you brought any water for home?" The brother replied, "What can I say about the food or drink? I couldn't even find a pot of water, and I informed nephew of everything!" After hearing this, his brother was very angry, and when he went to ask his son, the son told him the truth. The father then said, "You are such a big liar, go and take a dip in the Ganga. Clean yourself up and then come home!" and he pulled his son's ears and kicked him out of the house.

The son then tied up some sattu (roasted barley flour) and went to bathe in the Ganga. On the way, he felt hungry and found two hoof prints filled with water. He mixed the sattu with the water from one hoof print and drank from the other. Eventually, the water ran out. From there, he turned back home and told his father, "I took a dip in the Ganga – I met two Ganga goddesses there. One finished off my sattu, and the other finished my drink!" The father said, "Son, you turned out to be a big liar! The Ganga goddess is right here; she's twenty kos (about 40 km) away from here! So, come bath here now!"

He then left the house and returned after ten to twelve days. When he got back, his father asked, "Did you get to the Ganga?" The son replied, "What can I say, Father? On the way, I encountered a huge elephant. It chased me everywhere and bothered me a lot! In the end, I climbed a boot tree! Father! But what can I say, I kept running, and the elephant kept chasing me. It was a big hassle! Then I jumped from the boot tree to climb a chili tree! The elephant kept bothering me there too! After that, I found a potter’s house, where there was a broken pot. I hid inside that pot. The elephant saw me there! Then I escaped through a hole in the pot. After that, the elephant entered the pot and began to stick its trunk out of the hole. Its entire body got stuck, but its trunk got caught! It was writhing in agony because I had thrown the pot at it. In the end, the elephant flailed and died. Then I came back here!" The father was left astonished by his son's story.