Once there was a shepherd. He had only one son, and the rest were his wives, and there was no one else. He also had a cow. The shepherd earned a lot and fed his wives and son. The wives were very fond of cooking, so when they made rice, they added a lot of milk to it and made kheer to eat. The husband gave them sattu and sweets and said, "I’ll die or live after eating kheer made with milk. You’re enjoying your sattu, salt, and sweets, aren’t you?"

The wives pounded rice and kept the flour in one room and filled another room with husk. When they had eaten the rice made into kheer, he decided to play a trick on his husband. So one night, he put a skull on his head, took a stick in hand, and went to his husband, saying, "Who is it?" The husband was very frightened upon seeing him. He asked, "Is it you?" The shepherd made gestures and started to cry, asking, "Are you a god, an ancestor, from inside the house or outside?" Then, the one with the skull said, "I am neither a god nor an ancestor, neither from inside the house nor outside. I am the goddess Chandu. Tell me, should I eat you, your wife, or your son, or should I fill the whole room with rice husk?"

The shepherd thought that if he were to eat someone, no one would come, but he could earn rice again. So he said, "O goddess Chandu, why should we feed you? Just fill all our rice with husk." The shepherd replied, "May it happen like that." And then he vanished. The next morning, the husband told the shepherd to go and see the grain in the storeroom. The shepherd walked over to check the storeroom, started crying, but inside he was laughing a lot at his own trick.